# Libary for selected basis diagonalization

This is a header-only library for diagonalizing quantum systems in a selected basis, with a focus on handling wavefunction vectors that are too large to fit in the memory of a single node.
The library leverages MPI-based parallelization to distribute the wavefunction across multiple nodes.
Sample usage examples are provided in the `/samples` directory.

## Author

- Tomonori Shirakawa

## Version

- v1.0.0 (This version is tagged as initial public release).

## Requirement

- Message Passing Interface (MPI)
- OpenMP
- BLAS and LAPACK

## Install

- This code is provided as a header-only llibrary, so no installation is required.

## How to Compile the Sample Codes

- The sample code for parallelized selected basis diagonalization is located in `sample/selected_basis_diagonalization`.
- Edit the configuration file to suit your environment and build it with the make command.
- For more information and options for the executable, see README.md in the same directory.

## Documentation

For more details on the input file formats and internal structure, see the [User Manual](generated by Doxygen).
You can generate the documentation by running:
```
doxygen ./doc/Doxyfile
```

## Note

The code in this repository is part of ongoing research and is related to a paper that has not yet been published.
Early access is granted to facilitate collaboration with IBM Quantum Research. Please refrain from citing or redistributing without consent.

## Licence

[Apach License 2.0](https://github.com/r-ccs-cms/sbd/blob/main/LICENSE.txt)
